On a train, a young girl enjoys lots of her
favourite food.
Strangely, she feels like something is moving
in her hand.
The symptoms then spread all over her face
and body, making the girl terrified.
As she looks at herself in the mirror, she
cries out loud seeing her face transforming.
What is happening to the girl?
What makes her transformed?
This is Movie Shortens.
Follow us to the movie titled: Species.
Be aware, there are spoilers.
Now, let’s begin!
In a secret government lab, the scientists
are watching a 12-year-old girl who is held
captive in a quarantine chamber.
They are trying to gas her to death.
Dr Xavier Fitch becomes touched and says goodbye
to her.
She looks terrified and confused at first.
As the cyanis gas is pumped to the chamber,
she realizes what is happening.
Strangely, the toxic has no effects on her.
The girl breaks the chamber with her bare
hand and escapes from the lab.
Immediately, the military is called in.
The girl rapidly jumps over the fence and
gets on the train, temporarily getting away
from the government.
On the train, the girl kills a homeless man
and steals his clothes to cover her appearance.
As the train stops, she learns that she needs
to have cash so she can buy food.
She then steals a random bag and gets back
to the train.
There is no money in the bag but she finds
a very interesting machine that looks like
a portable TV.
As being so hungry, the girl sneaks into the
train dining car and takes some fruits.
She eats the banana including the peel as
she never learned manners before.
After consuming so much food, the girl begins
to transform.
In panic, she looks at herself in the mirror
and becomes frightened at her appearance.
Suddenly, lots of tentacles growing from her
body spread throughout the car.
When the ticket inspector checks on the noise,
she sees a huge jelly cocoon on the wall.
Coming closer, she immediately gets killed
by the creature.
Shortly after that, the girl is now transformed
into a fully-formed adult woman.
Meanwhile, Fitch gathers a team of experts
to track the girl down.
They are an assassin Preston, a psychic Dan
Smithson, an anthropologist Dr. Stephen Arden,
and a molecular biologist Dr. Laura Baker.
Fitch briefs the group about Sil.
In 1974, a message was sent to any intelligent
life form that may be listening in space.
20 years later, a response was received.
The unknown civilizations provided scientists
with information on the structure of the DNA
of an alien species, and instructions on how
to mix their DNA with human DNA.
The scientific team succeeded in creating
a hybrid, which they called Sil.
As an empath, Dan tells the group that Sil
didn’t like being caged in and she holds
something enormous inside.
To Fitch, Sil developed too fast by cocooning
herself every three month and had an over
violent tendency while sleeping.
This is why the government decided to terminate
her.
Fitch worries that Sil will hurt more people
if she feels fear or threat to her survival.
The group has to take her down against the
clock before her next transformation.
Back on the train, Sil is 21-year-old over
a night.
Sil takes a walk in downtown LA soon after
that.
On the streets, Sil encounters many pregnant
women and babies.
She learns that with the rapid growth process,
she needs to mate with human males and produce
offspring.
In the search for the girl, the group of experts
is always one step behind Sil.
They know that Sil has turned by her cocoon
left on the crime scene.
Later, the team studies it to find Sil in
her new appearance.
In the lab, Dr Laura works on the sample of
cocoon DNA.
The camera goes off so she and Preston need
to change it inside the quarantine room.
When the camera is replaced, Dan senses something
wrong with this approach.
Fitch sees the sample grows massively from
the monitor.
It rapidly turns into the tentacle monster
and spreads throughout the room.
Fitch has to fire the monster inside the room
but it doesn’t get killed completely.
In the last minute, the two can get out and
the whole room is burnt down in the nick of
time.
Fitch tells the group that this alien species
is only destroyed as a whole by firing the
entire area.
Back to Sil, she arrives at the hotel and
starts to dress up like a real woman.
She asks the receptionist where to find a
man.
He then shows her the bar at the corner while
taking her credit card for payment.
In the bar, Sil looks around for a good mate.
Being alone in the bar, Sil soon gets flirted
with by a handsome man.
Another drunk woman appears and steals him
from Sil.
Jealous and threatened, Sil coldly kills that
woman in the toilet after that.
Sil rushes out and seduces an artist man at
the bar upon her plan.
Meanwhile, the receptionist realizes Sil’s
credit card was a stolen one so he called
the police.
Fitch and the team soon arrive at the hotel.
From the hotel’s camera, the team can hardly
recognize Sil’s face.
Later, they rapidly go to the bar but Sil
has already left with the man she targeted
in his car.
At his house, Sil watches him very carefully.
She needs to make sure the artist is a good
choice for her offspring.
As the two are about to have fun, Sil strangely
requires the artist to drive her back to the
bar, saying she’s changed her mind.
The artist feels offended by her denial so
he turns violent to Sil.
The artist ends up being killed tragically.
Later, Fitch’s team lose tracking of Sil
again as they only find the body of the artist
left.
Laura realizes that the artist was not an
option because he is a drug addict and diabete.
Sil can sense it easily as a half alien half
human creature.
The group then gets back to the hotel as Dan
thinks she appears there.
Seeing the cops at the hotel, Sil decides
to change her location.
Driving around in the artist car, Sil encounters
petrol running out.
She abandons the car and walks on her foot
instead.
As crossing the road, Sil is hit by a car
and becomes blackout.
A man in a red car calls the ambulance.
He then follows her to the hospital.
Although he doesn’t know Sil, he generously
pays up her treatment.
Meanwhile, the doctor is shocked to see Sil’s
wound can be healed by itself.
Sil rapidly leaves the hospital with the man
who saved her.
At the abandoned car, Fitch receives a call
from the hospital about Sil.
The team learns that Sil has targeted the
man as her next potential mate.
Laura and Preston immediately drive off to
save the man.
At the man’s house, Sil knows that she has
not much time left.
The man reluctantly enjoys a good time in
the pool.
Shortly after that, there is a doorbell ring
from Laura and Preston.
The man insists on going out and checks for
the guests but Sil tries to stop him.
Sil tells the man that she wants a baby.
The man gets out of the pool, telling Sil
a crazy woman.
Sil then drowns him to death.
When the two experts enter the house, they
find a bloody pool and a miserable body.
Once again, the team loses the monster’s
track.
Elsewhere, Sil steals clothes and a car from
a woman.
She then drives at the cops and watches them
investigate her.
She even lipsync Fitch’s words by her telepathy
ability.
Later, at the woman’s house, Sil comes up
with a plan to get rid of the cops.
First, Sil cuts off her thumb and exchanges
it with the woman’s.
She buys gallons of petrol and stores them
in the car.
Then Sil means to meet Dan in person outside
the bar.
While Dan calls in the team, Sil flees away
in the car with the woman that she tied up
before.
A tense chase between Sil and the cops eventually
happens, and it’s exactly like Sil predicted.
She fakes the woman’s death by crashing
the car down the hill on purpose.
As the car and the woman explode, Sil manages
to get out in time and escape from the police.
Fitch congratulates the team for the mission
completed.
They celebrate the win at the bar.
During this time, Sil changes her hair style
and continues her plan.
Her next potential mate is Preston, who is
on his way to see his secret girlfriend.
While working together, Laura and Preston
developed a relationship.
Sil watches the two of them having fun from
the other room.
It turns out Sil is in Stephen’s room.
Surprised, Sil changes her target to Stephen
as he enters the room.
Sil rushes to have Stephen’s attention and
the two have fun right after that.
In the hotel, Dan can sense Sil’s availability
and he comes to meet Preston.
Dan and Preston rapidly alert other members
about this.
Meanwhile, after Stephen and Sil enjoy the
passionate moment, Sil becomes joyful telling
him that she can feel the baby inside her.
Stephen considers her childish and laughs
at her innocence.
When Stephen looks at Sil’s belly and realizes
something, she transforms and kills the man.
The team arrives at Stephen’s room but it’s
too late.
Sil has escaped from the sewers.
The team gets armed and follows Dan’s senses
to find Sil.
As they divide to look for Sil, Fitch gets
killed.
Sil is now transformed into her real monster
mother.
She gives birth to her offspring right in
the sewers.
When Dan reaches a cave, he sees a baby boy.
The boy uses his tentacle to kill a rat for
his food.
However, Dan can’t kill the baby as he thinks
it is better to capture him alive.
The boy attacks Dan but luckily he is fine.
The boy then transforms into a monster.
Dan fires and destroys him with his weapon.
Dan hangs himself on a cliff.
In another sewer, Sil turns more violent,
knowing that her child is killed.
Preston opens fire at Sil until the monster
falls off the fire.
As Laura and Preston attempt to save Dan,
Sil manages to catch Dan in the fire.
Preston uses his very last bullet and shoots
the monster in the head, eventually getting
rid of her.
The trio leave the sewer with their mission
truly completed.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notification.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!